# 8. Crosscutting Concepts
## 8.1 Security Concept
### JWT-based Authentication
#### Description
Authentication (REST-API) is done by using JSON-Web-Tokens (JWT), which are generated when a user logs in. 
These tokens are then used for all subsequent REST-Request to identify the user.

#### Goals
Protection of the REST-API, and thereby the Backend and Database, from Unauthorized access.

#### Implementation:
- Token generation: Upon successful login, a JWT is generated and returned to the client via the REST-Response.
- Token validation: The JWT, that the frontend puts in the header (`Authorization: Bearer <Token>`), is verified during each request 
and then used to identify the user during a Request.
- Additional security measures:
  - Tokens are only valid for a limited time ( ms).
  - The token signature is validated with a secret key.

## 8.2 Architecture
### Client-Server-Architecture
#### Description
The system follows a Client-Server-Architecture that separates responsibilities:
- Frontend (React): Presentation layer
- Backend (Spring Boot): Business logic
- Database (MySQL): Persistence layer

#### Goals
- Improved maintainability and quality.
- Clear separation of responsibilities.

### DTOs (Data-Transfer-Objects)
#### Description
DTOs are used to transfer data between the backend and frontend. They contain only the necessary information and abstract the internal data models.

#### Goals
- Reduce the amount of data transferred.
- Protect internal data structures.

## 8.3 Development Concept
### Automated Testing Strategy
#### Description
The system is tested automatically.

#### Goals
- Ensuring functionality and quality.
- Reduction of "Human-Error" by guaranteeing consistency.

#### Implementation:
- Unit-Tests: For individual components (e.g., services, controllers).
- Integration-Tests: For the interaction between the backend (starting from controllers) and the database.
- End-to-End-Tests: For the complete user interaction (Playwright: frontend -> backend -> database).
